* 7:44 The Address Mapper can be improved. The current version may assign an address to the wrong census tract/region when more than one street in the analysis area matches. For example, In the Tulsa area, there are multiple streets that have the same name such as 31st St. (this is a made up example). These streets almost always belong to different cities/counties. So for example, there will be a 31st St. in Tulsa County and another in Broken Arrows. Right now, when Address Mapper receives an address that matches more than one street, it selects the first matching street segment in the Street Segments table.

Two changes should be made:

1. When more than on street segment matches (resulting in more than one census tract/region), Address Mapper should return a list of all of the matches.
2. Street Segments should be indexed by street name + zip code.

The reason that street segments should be indexed under pairs of street names and zip codes is because, in the Address Feature DBF file, street segments are associated with a street name and a zip code. I originally thought about storing them under street names and city name, but the Address Feature DBF file does not associate city names with street segments.

When performing an address lookup, I should run through the street segments table and match the address name and zip code. If the zip code is not available, then I should return every matching segment regardless of zip code.

There are two ways to provide zip codes. Either it can be part of the address string or it can be passed as a separate field. When the zip code is passed as a separate field, we should specify this field using a configuration option. When this is not available, we should get the zip code using LibPostal. When Libpostal does not see a Zip code, we should omit this match. 